COPYRIGHT

jcoverage is copyright (c)2003 jcoverage ltd, and is normally licensed
under the GNU General Public License (GPL) for the instrumentation of
other GPL programs.


LICENSE

jcoverage is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version. Please review the file COPYING included in
this distribution for further details.

jcoverage is also available under a commercial non-GPL
license. Commercial users must purchase a licensed copy of jcoverage
for each user. For details of our licensing policy, please visit,
http://jcoverage.com/license.html. Questions about our licensing
policy should be sent to licensing@jcoverage.com. Commerical customers
can purchase non-GPL licenses online at
http://jcoverage.com/purchase.html. General sales enquires can be
directed to sales@jcoverage.com.


WARRANTY

jcoverage is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.


MAILING LISTS

We recommend that you join the jcoverage-announce mailing list run by
jcoverage ltd. This is a low volume moderated mailing list, used only
by jcoverage ltd, for release announcements. To subscribe (or
unsubscribe) to the jcoverage-announce mailing list please visit:
http://mailman.jcoverage.com/mailman/listinfo/jcoverage-announce.

We also recommend that all regular users should join the
jcoverage-user mailing list. This is a forum setup by jcoverage ltd,
for all users of jcoverage to share experience and general discussion
of jcoverage. To subscribe (or unsubscribe) to the jcoverage-user
mailing list please visit:
http://mailman.jcoverage.com/mailman/listinfo/jcoverage-user. In an
effort to reduce spam, all first posters will be moderated on
jcoverage-user.

For developers and contributors to jcoverage we recommend that you
join the jcoverage-devel mailing list. To subscribe (or unsubscribe)
to the jcoverage-devel mailing list please visit:
http://mailman.jcoverage.com/mailman/listinfo/jcoverage-devel. In an
effort to reduce spam, all first posters will be moderated on
jcoverage-devel.


SUPPORT

GPL licensees of jcoverage are provided "AS IS" and are not entitled
to any support. We recommend that GPL licensees should use the
community jcoverage-user mailing list for any support issues that they
may have. Community bug reports can be filed at
http://bugzilla.jcoverage.com/.

Commercial licensees are entitled to 30 days of installation
support. There after, support is available on a per incident or annual
basis. Please contact sales@jcoverage.com, with your requirements. Bug
reports from commercial licencees should be made by the licensee's
named representative via http://bugzilla.jcoverage.com/.


FEEDBACK AND ENHANCEMENT REQUESTS

jcoverage ltd welcomes your feedback on jcoverage. You can send
feedback directly to the jcoverage team via feedback@jcoverage.com.

Community enhancement requests should in the first instance be
discussed on the jcoverage-user mailing list, and via
http://bugzilla.jcoverage.com/.


DOCUMENTATION

A user manual in PDF format is included in this release,
jcoverage.pdf. To obtain a PDF viewer please visit
http://www.adobe.com/, and click on "Get Acrobat Reader".


EXAMPLES

Simple examples of using jcoverage, including its integration with Ant
can be found in the "examples" directory.


THIRD PARTY DEPENDENCIES

jcoverage is dependant on the following third party libraries, which
are included in the jcoverage binary distribution.

bcel    5.1     http://jakarta.apache.org/bcel/
log4j   1.2.8   http://jakarta.apache.org/log4j/
getopt  1.0.9   http://gnu.org/
oro     2.0.7   http://jakarta.apache.org/oro/
